README.md, before:

# BRQ Movies 🎬

A modern React Native movie application built with Expo, featuring user authentication, movie browsing, detailed movie information, and favorites management.

## 📱 Features

### Core Functionality

- **User Authentication**: Secure login system with JWT token management
- **Movie Discovery**: Browse popular movies with infinite scrolling
- **Movie Details**: Comprehensive movie information including cast, genres, ratings, and synopsis
- **Favorites Management**: Add/remove movies from personal favorites list
- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for both iOS and Android platforms
- **Offline Support**: Cached data for improved performance
- **Error Handling**: Comprehensive error management with user-friendly messages

### User Experience

- **Modern UI**: Clean, intuitive interface with smooth animations
- **Dark Theme**: Eye-friendly dark theme design
- **Loading States**: Beautiful loading indicators and skeleton screens
- **Pull-to-Refresh**: Easy content refresh functionality
- **Haptic Feedback**: Enhanced user interaction with haptic responses

## 🏗️ Architecture

The application follows a modern React Native architecture with clean separation of concerns:

```
src/
├── app/                    # Expo Router file-based routing
│   ├── (logged-out)/      # Authentication screens
│   └── (protected)/       # Authenticated user screens
├── components/            # Reusable UI components
├── hooks/                 # Custom React hooks
├── providers/             # Context providers
├── screens/              # Screen components
├── services/             # API services and data layer
├── store/                # Zustand state management
├── theme/                # Styling and theme configuration
└── types/                # TypeScript type definitions
```

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### Core Framework

- **React Native**: `0.81.4` - Mobile app development framework
- **Expo**: `~54.0.10` - Development platform and toolchain
- **TypeScript**: `~5.9.2` - Static type checking

### Navigation & Routing

- **Expo Router**: `~6.0.8` - File-based routing system
- **React Navigation**: Bottom tabs and native stack navigation

### State Management

- **Zustand**: `^5.0.8` - Lightweight state management
- **TanStack Query**: `^5.90.2` - Server state management and caching

### UI & Styling

- **React Native Unistyles**: `^3.0.13` - Universal styling system
- **Expo Vector Icons**: `^15.0.2` - Icon library
- **React Native Reanimated**: `~4.1.0` - Advanced animations
- **React Native Gesture Handler**: `~2.28.0` - Touch gesture system

### Forms & Validation

- **React Hook Form**: `^7.63.0` - Form state management
- **Yup**: `^1.7.1` - Schema validation

### Data & Storage

- **Axios**: `^1.12.2` - HTTP client for API requests
- **React Native MMKV**: `^3.3.3` - Fast key-value storage
- **React Native Config**: `1.5.6` - Environment configuration

### Development & Testing

- **Jest**: `^30.1.3` - Testing framework
- **React Testing Library**: `^13.3.3` - Component testing utilities
- **ESLint**: `^9.25.0` - Code linting and formatting

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v18 or higher)
- npm or yarn
- Expo CLI
- iOS Simulator (for iOS development)
- Android Studio/Emulator (for Android development)

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository**

   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd mrq_movies
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Environment Configuration**
   Create a `.env` file in the root directory:

   ```env
   API_BASE_URL=your_api_base_url_here
   ```

4. **Start the development server**
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

### Running on Devices

- **iOS Simulator**: `npm run ios`
- **Android Emulator**: `npm run android`
- **Web Browser**: `npm run web`

## 🧪 Testing

The application includes comprehensive testing coverage:

```bash
# Run all tests
npm test

# Run tests in watch mode
npm run test:watch

# Run tests with coverage
npm run test:coverage

# Run specific test suites
npm run test:signin      # Sign-in tests
npm run test:home        # Home screen tests
npm run test:favorites   # Favorites tests
npm run test:details     # Details screen tests
```

### Test Structure

- **Unit Tests**: Individual component and hook testing
- **Integration Tests**: Feature workflow testing
- **Screen Tests**: Complete screen functionality testing

## 📡 API Integration

The app integrates with a movie database API providing:

### Authentication Endpoints

- `POST /api/auth/signin` - User authentication

### Movie Endpoints

- `GET /api/movies/popular?page={page}` - Popular movies with pagination
- `GET /api/movies/{movieId}` - Detailed movie information

### Favorites Endpoints

- `GET /api/movies/favorites/list` - User's favorite movies
- `POST /api/movies/favorites` - Add movie to favorites
- `DELETE /api/movies/favorites/{movieId}` - Remove from favorites
- `GET /api/movies/favorites/check/{movieId}` - Check if movie is favorited

## 🎨 UI/UX Design

### Design System

- **Color Palette**: Dark theme with orange accent colors
- **Typography**: Roboto font family
- **Spacing**: Consistent 8px grid system
- **Components**: Reusable, accessible UI components

### Screen Structure

1. **Authentication Flow**

   - Sign-in screen with form validation
   - Secure token management

2. **Main Application**
   - Home: Popular movies grid with infinite scroll
   - Details: Full movie information with favorites toggle
   - Favorites: Personal movie collection

## 🔧 Development Scripts

```bash
npm start              # Start Expo development server
npm run android        # Run on Android emulator
npm run ios           # Run on iOS simulator
npm run web           # Run on web browser
npm run lint          # Run ESLint
npm run reset-project # Reset to blank project template
```

## 📱 Platform Support

- **iOS**: iOS 13.0+
- **Android**: API level 21+ (Android 5.0+)
- **Web**: Modern browsers with ES6+ support

## 🔐 Security Features

- JWT token-based authentication
- Secure token storage using MMKV
- Automatic token refresh handling
- Network error handling and retry logic
- Input validation and sanitization

## 📈 Performance Optimizations

- **React Query**: Intelligent caching and background updates
- **Image Optimization**: Efficient image loading and caching
- **Code Splitting**: Lazy loading of screens and components
- **Memory Management**: Proper cleanup of resources
- **Bundle Optimization**: Minimized app size

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- The Movie Database (TMDB) for movie data
- Expo team for the excellent development platform
- React Native community for continuous improvements
- All contributors and testers

---

**Built with ❤️ using React Native and Expo**

Commit message:

Refactor project structure by removing unused components and consolidating imports. Update Jest configuration for improved module resolution and enhance .gitignore to exclude generated native folders. Update README with login credentials and API base URL for better onboarding.

README.md, after:

# BRQ Movies 🎬

A modern React Native movie application built with Expo, featuring user authentication, movie browsing, detailed movie information, and favorites management.

## 📱 Features

### Core Functionality

- **User Authentication**: Secure login system with JWT token management
- **Movie Discovery**: Browse popular movies with infinite scrolling
- **Movie Details**: Comprehensive movie information including cast, genres, ratings, and synopsis
- **Favorites Management**: Add/remove movies from personal favorites list
- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for both iOS and Android platforms
- **Offline Support**: Cached data for improved performance
- **Error Handling**: Comprehensive error management with user-friendly messages

### User Experience

- **Modern UI**: Clean, intuitive interface with smooth animations
- **Dark Theme**: Eye-friendly dark theme design
- **Loading States**: Beautiful loading indicators and skeleton screens
- **Pull-to-Refresh**: Easy content refresh functionality
- **Haptic Feedback**: Enhanced user interaction with haptic responses

## 🏗️ Architecture

The application follows a modern React Native architecture with clean separation of concerns:

```
src/
├── app/                    # Expo Router file-based routing
│   ├── (logged-out)/      # Authentication screens
│   └── (protected)/       # Authenticated user screens
├── components/            # Reusable UI components
├── hooks/                 # Custom React hooks
├── providers/             # Context providers
├── screens/              # Screen components
├── services/             # API services and data layer
├── store/                # Zustand state management
├── theme/                # Styling and theme configuration
└── types/                # TypeScript type definitions
```

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### Core Framework

- **React Native**: `0.81.4` - Mobile app development framework
- **Expo**: `~54.0.10` - Development platform and toolchain
- **TypeScript**: `~5.9.2` - Static type checking

### Navigation & Routing

- **Expo Router**: `~6.0.8` - File-based routing system
- **React Navigation**: Bottom tabs and native stack navigation

### State Management

- **Zustand**: `^5.0.8` - Lightweight state management
- **TanStack Query**: `^5.90.2` - Server state management and caching

### UI & Styling

- **React Native Unistyles**: `^3.0.13` - Universal styling system
- **Expo Vector Icons**: `^15.0.2` - Icon library
- **React Native Reanimated**: `~4.1.0` - Advanced animations
- **React Native Gesture Handler**: `~2.28.0` - Touch gesture system

### Forms & Validation

- **React Hook Form**: `^7.63.0` - Form state management
- **Yup**: `^1.7.1` - Schema validation

### Data & Storage

- **Axios**: `^1.12.2` - HTTP client for API requests
- **React Native MMKV**: `^3.3.3` - Fast key-value storage
- **React Native Config**: `1.5.6` - Environment configuration

### Development & Testing

- **Jest**: `^30.1.3` - Testing framework
- **React Testing Library**: `^13.3.3` - Component testing utilities
- **ESLint**: `^9.25.0` - Code linting and formatting

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v18 or higher)
- npm or yarn
- Expo CLI
- iOS Simulator (for iOS development)
- Android Studio/Emulator (for Android development)

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository**

   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd mrq_movies
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Environment Configuration**
   Create a `.env` file in the root directory:

   ```env
   API_BASE_URL=https://movies-db-production-0420.up.railway.app
   ```

4. **Login Credentials**
   Use the following credentials to log in to the app:

   - **Username**: `user`
   - **Password**: `12345678`

5. **Start the development server**
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

### Running on Devices

- **iOS Simulator**: `npm run ios`
- **Android Emulator**: `npm run android`
- **Web Browser**: `npm run web`

## 🧪 Testing

The application includes comprehensive testing coverage:

```bash
# Run all tests
npm test

# Run tests in watch mode
npm run test:watch

# Run tests with coverage
npm run test:coverage

# Run specific test suites
npm run test:signin      # Sign-in tests
npm run test:home        # Home screen tests
npm run test:favorites   # Favorites tests
npm run test:details     # Details screen tests
```

### Test Structure

- **Unit Tests**: Individual component and hook testing
- **Integration Tests**: Feature workflow testing
- **Screen Tests**: Complete screen functionality testing

## 📡 API Integration

The app integrates with a movie database API providing:

### Authentication Endpoints

- `POST /api/auth/signin` - User authentication

### Movie Endpoints

- `GET /api/movies/popular?page={page}` - Popular movies with pagination
- `GET /api/movies/{movieId}` - Detailed movie information

### Favorites Endpoints

- `GET /api/movies/favorites/list` - User's favorite movies
- `POST /api/movies/favorites` - Add movie to favorites
- `DELETE /api/movies/favorites/{movieId}` - Remove from favorites
- `GET /api/movies/favorites/check/{movieId}` - Check if movie is favorited

## 🎨 UI/UX Design

### Design System

- **Color Palette**: Dark theme with orange accent colors
- **Typography**: Roboto font family
- **Spacing**: Consistent 8px grid system
- **Components**: Reusable, accessible UI components

### Screen Structure

1. **Authentication Flow**

   - Sign-in screen with form validation
   - Secure token management

2. **Main Application**
   - Home: Popular movies grid with infinite scroll
   - Details: Full movie information with favorites toggle
   - Favorites: Personal movie collection

## 🔧 Development Scripts

```bash
npm start              # Start Expo development server
npm run android        # Run on Android emulator
npm run ios           # Run on iOS simulator
npm run web           # Run on web browser
npm run lint          # Run ESLint
npm run reset-project # Reset to blank project template
```

## 📱 Platform Support

- **iOS**: iOS 13.0+
- **Android**: API level 21+ (Android 5.0+)
- **Web**: Modern browsers with ES6+ support

## 🔐 Security Features

- JWT token-based authentication
- Secure token storage using MMKV
- Automatic token refresh handling
- Network error handling and retry logic
- Input validation and sanitization

## 📈 Performance Optimizations

- **React Query**: Intelligent caching and background updates
- **Image Optimization**: Efficient image loading and caching
- **Code Splitting**: Lazy loading of screens and components
- **Memory Management**: Proper cleanup of resources
- **Bundle Optimization**: Minimized app size

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- The Movie Database (TMDB) for movie data
- Expo team for the excellent development platform
- React Native community for continuous improvements
- All contributors and testers

---

**Built with ❤️ using React Native and Expo**
